---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Sheng-Jen 'Tony' Hsieh 
Date: Thu, Dec 10, 2015 at 12:05 AM
Subject: NSF REU Program at Texas A&M University - application due on Feb
1st

Texas A&M University will be hosting a National Science Foundation (NSF)
Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) program from May 31-August 5,
2016. This summer program will provide opportunities for undergraduate
students to learn about mechatronics, robotics, and automated system
design. Program objectives are to help participants to understand the
research process, to acquire laboratory skills, and to be well-positioned
for graduate school and career success. Activities will include joining a
research group led by a faculty mentor, completion of a 10-week research
project, and participation in weekly seminars, field trips, and career
development workshops. Students will write a report and present their
research to their REU cohort and at an REU poster session on campus.

Each participant will receive a stipend of $500/week for participation in
the program. Other benefits include housing, meal and travel allowances;
1.0 credit hour of undergraduate course credit; and full access to
university recreational facilities.

Students and incoming students at two-year and four-year institutions are
eligible to apply. Participants will be selected based on the following
criteria: 1) desire to participate in research and interest in a career in
mechatronics, robotics or automated system design, as evidenced by
application responses and faculty recommendations; 2) interest in a career
in a STEM field; 3) GPA of 3.00 or above; and 4) citizen or permanent
resident of the U.S. or its possessions. Students who are from academic
institutions with limited research opportunities in STEM or who are from
groups traditionally underrepresented in engineering and science are highly
encouraged to apply.

An application form is available at:
http://hsieh.tamu.edu/REU-Mechatronics/

For more information, please contact the site director, Professor Sheng-Jen
("Tony") Hsieh at hsieh@tamu.edu

Sheng-Jen ("Tony") Hsieh, Ph.D., Professor

Director, Rockwell Automation Laboratory

Dept of ETID (Jt. Appt. with ME)

3367 TAMU, Texas A&M University

College Station, TX 77843-3367

Phone: (979) 845-4985

Fax: (979) 847-9396

Email: hsieh@tamu.edu

Web site: http://hsieh.tamu.edu/

-- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
