If anyone is interested, register at
https://duke.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=3DSV_brBoEkUCXUFKhpP. There is an option
to submit an abstract if you would like to give a talk, but it is optional.
Also, Alexander Stimpson (alexander.stimpson at duke.edu) know whether you
plan to attend just the main talks on the 28th or if you also want to
participate in the group discussion on the 29th.

-------- Forwarded Message --------

Do you want to meet other students and faculty who also love robotics? Are
you interested in hearing more about what all the robotics hype is about?
Do you want to hear more about real life applications with Amazon Robotics?
Then join us for the first annual Duke Robotics Student Symposium hosted on
the Duke Campus from 8:30am-5:00pm on March 28th, with a reception to
follow.

The Symposium will open with welcoming remarks from Amazon Robotics, follow=
ed
by short presentations from Duke Robotics and other Triangle area robotics
faculty about current research. The rest of the day will be dedicated to
short Ted-style talks from university students all around the Triangle area
with an interest in robotics. Topics could include mobility and
manipulation, perception, planning and optimization, human robot
interaction, applications of robotics, field studies, and the legal and
social implications of robotic systems. Please RSVP to Alex Simpson at
alexander.stimpson@duke.edu  by March
11^th  if you are interested in showcasing your research at this event.

Also, if you are a student interested in participating in a unique opportun=
ity
to be part of a smaller discussion directly with team members from Amazon
Robotics, please let Alex know. There will be an interactive group
discussion the morning of March 29th,  offering a great opportunity to
learn more about how cutting edge advances in robotics and software work
together to solve real-world challenges. Seating is limited, so if you=E2=
=80=99d
like to be part of this discussion, be sure to reach out to Alex soon.

--=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
