Dear Class:

Section 5.5 HW is due Mon, Feb 15 at 10 PM.
Section 5.6 HW is due Wed, Feb 17 at 10 PM.

***
The scores and keys to Test 1 were released at 3 PM yesterday.  Click on My Assignments, Past Assignments, Test 1.  Rework all test questions that you missed.  Then click "VIEW KEY" to check your answers.  If you did not arrive at the correct answer the second time, please seek assistance at the Math Help Center, at Math Plus, or during my office hours.  If you are sure that you have a correct answer clearly marked on your test paper, but chose a different answer online, I must be made aware of this before you pick up your test paper on Friday, Feb 12.  If there are any issues with your Test 1 score (for instance, a correct answer was counted wrong), these must be brought to my attention before 1 PM on Friday, Feb 12.  Remember that you can retake 1 test after you have taken all 3 tests this semester.  

Test 1 median: 72%
WA median: 93%
Class median: 82%

We do not curve the WA assignment scores nor the test scores.  The testing data changes after the retakes.

***
Before class on Fri, Feb 12 ...
(1) read the Section 5.5 Notes (the link is on WA)
(2) read Section 5.5 from your textbook
(3) watch the Section 5.5 Video
(4) complete the Section 5.5 Before Class assignment

In class, we will work on the Section 5.5 During Class assignment.

***
Before class on Mon, Feb 15 ...
(1) read the Section 5.6 Notes (the link is on WA)
(2) read Section 5.6 from your textbook
(3) watch the Section 5.6 Video
(4) complete the Section 5.6 Before Class assignment

In class, we will work on the Section 5.6 During Class assignment.

***
Before class on Wed, Feb 17 ...
(1) read the Section 5.7 Notes (the link is on WA)
(2) read Section 5.7 from your textbook
(3) watch the Section 5.7 Video
(4) complete the Section 5.7 Before Class assignment

In class, we will begin working on the Section 5.7 During Class assignment.  This is a 1.5 day assignment and not due until Fri, Feb 19.

***
If you did not do well on Test 1, are you ...
  Reading and studying the text and section notes before class;
  Watching the section videos;
  Completing the Before-Class assignments;
  Starting, if not finishing, the WA HW assignments within 24 hours after class (do not procrastinate);
  Treating the first attempt for each question like it is your only attempt;
  Not using your calculator unless a problem says "round to the nearest ...";
  Reviewing any errors, viewing the key, and completing each assignment with understanding;
  Making sure that you can do every practice problem without assistance;
  Visiting the Math Help Center (PH 365) or attending peer tutoring in Dey Hall or participating in Math Plus if you have questions;
  Viewing the textbook videos under Resources on WA;
  Used My Class Insights on WA;
  Seeing if anything in the Personal Study Plan on WA would help you;
  Using Khan Academy if reviewing algebra or geometry concepts is needed.

Don't just go through the motions of attending class and completing the WA assignments.  Find out what works for you to learn the material.  This is an active-learning course where you are in control of how much you get out of each session based on how much effort you put in by actively  preparing and participating.  Performance is key and the only thing that your grade in Math 130 is based on.

Math 130 is a 3 credit course, and you should be spending roughly 10-12 productive hours/week for this class.  Try to minimize calculator use and improve your problem solving skills.  Draw pictures!

Please remember to include your name and section number when emailing me.  If you have a WA question, I also need to know which WA assignment and the question number.

Please let me know if you4 have any questions, issues, or concerns.

Dr. B. Shryock
Math 130 Coordinator
Department of Mathematics
UNC - Chapel Hill
