Folks,

This is a great opportunity for someone to get serious experience with a
scientific program.  If you have an interest and/or experience in
chemistry, it could be a great fit.  Having spoken with Dr Lee, I would add
the following:

   - You should have completed COMP 410 and 411 for this to be a good fit
   - His preference is someone who is not graduating this year so that
   there can be some continuity (I think that it would lend itself well to a
   software practicum, mentored research or an honors thesis next year).
   - Dr Lee wants to be able to understand the code and maintain it in the
   future so having the ability to explain code is a definite plus.

He does have some funding.  If you are interested in this project, please
send Dr Lee your resume and copy me (so I know that I don't need to keep
looking for someone for him!)

Thanks,
Diane


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Lee, Andrew L 
Date: Fri, Jan 15, 2016 at 4:28 PM
Subject: C++ biophysics project
To: "pozefsky@cs.unc.edu" 



This project involves developing and using a C++ program to fit nuclear
magnetic resonance (NMR) relaxation data to characterize proteins that
interconvert between different functional conformations. It is a
combination of biophysics and computer programming. The specialty of this
program is that it can fit data to 3-state models, whereas virtually all
other similar programs are largely confined to 2-state models. The
calculations are computationally intensive and therefore we wish to
implement it on the KillDevil cluster, although it runs well on individual
machines. The program is sizable and has multiple code files, and it
employs fairly complex data structures.  There are some key limitations to
the program that must be overcome, and so coding experience is highly
desirable. A separate part of this project will be running the program on
large batches of simulated NMR data curves, to evaluate how reliable
3-state fitting can be and what the data requirements are. We anticipate a
publication of the results of this paper, assuming that 3-state fitting
appears to be tractable. Finally, the start time for this position is
time-sensitive, as the current developers will be leaving the lab in early
February. So, a fast response to this ad will be appreciated!



Best,

-Drew



Andrew L. Lee, Ph.D.

Professor

Division of Chemical Biology and Medicinal Chemistry

Eshelman School of Pharmacy, CB# 7363

University of North Carolina

Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7568

phone:  (919) 966-7821

email:  drewlee@unc.edu

-- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
