Dear Class:

WA 6.6 HW is due Friday, March 4 at 10:00 PM.

I will not hold office hours on Friday, March 4

***
Before class on Fri, Mar 4 ...
(1) read the Section 7.1 notes
(2) read Section 7.1 from your textbook
(3) watch the Section 7.1 PS Video
(4) complete the Section 7.1 Before-Class assignment

In class, we will begin work on the Section 7.1 During-Class assignment.  This is a 2 day section; Fri, Mar 4 and Mon, Mar 21.

***
Monday, March 7 is a Test 2 Review day.  
Please study for Test 2 over the weekend and take and submit the Test 2 Practice Test at least 1 hour before class begins on the 7th.  Class results will guide our review, so it is important that everyone submit the Test 2 Review.

***
Test 2 is Wednesday, March 9 during your class time.  Same format as Test 1.  If you miss the test for ANY reason, it will be scored as a 0.  The retake can be used to replace the 0 at the end of the semester.

The test consists of 12 multiple-choice and open-response items covering 7 sections:  5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.6.  Please remember to bring your computer, photo ID, and a pencil; a power cable is optional but recommended.  No calculators or additional resources allowed, including a Unit Circle.  You are responsible for having a working computer.
Please enter PH 335 quietly, pick up a test, follow ALL directions on the cover sheet (same as Test 1), and begin your test.  The test will time out after 60 minutes or 5 minutes after your class ends, whichever comes first.

*You must manually submit the exam before the due time listed on WA to receive a score.  Not submitting before the time expires will result in an NS which is a 0.

Show all work in the designated number box on the test pages with the ANSWER clearly circled/boxed in case there are any issues with the online test.

To access past due assignments, click on My Assignments and then Past or All Assignments - you can use Practice Another Version (click in the answer box) and Master/Watch It.

Scores and keys will be released on March 9 at 3 PM.

***
Let me know if you have any questions, issues, or concerns.

Dr. B. Shryock
Math 130 Coordinator
Department of Mathematics
UNC - Chapel Hill
