Dear Class:

Test 3 Median:  70
WA Median:  91
Course Median:  77

Your Test 3 key is available on WA.  Please open your test, rework any questions that you missed, and then click View Key to see if you solved the question(s) correctly.  Any grading errors must be brought to my attention before you pick up your test paper or 1:30 PM on Wednesday, April 20, whichever comes first.

***
You may retake any 1 of the 3 tests given this semester on Monday, April 25 during your class time.  If you open a second retake, no retakes will count.  The retake will consist of 12 questions and be different yet similar to the version of the test you took, but cover the same sections and objectives.  The formulas from the Math 130 Formula Sheet will be on the Retake Cover.  The retake score will only count if it is higher than your first take score.

Friday, April 22 is a Help Session day for the retakes.  As you prepare for your retake, review the test you took and the practice test.  Bring in all questions you may have.

***
The Math 130 Common Final Exam is on Monday, May 2 from 4-7 PM.  The final will be taken with paper and pencil, not on your computer.   The final consists of 25 questions.  The formulas from the Math 130 Formula Sheet will be on the Cover of the final.  Please arrive 10-15 minutes early.  Bring your photo ID, pencils, and eraser.
Room Assignments:
  Rogers - Section 1 - Genomic Science G200
  Woodruff/Kiers - Section 2 - Carroll 111
  Shryock - Sections 3 & 4 - Carroll 111

If you have 3 finals within 24 hours or a direct conflict, you may get an exam excuse from your college (ususally academic advising in the Steele Building).  The make-up final is scheduled for Thursday, May 5 from 4-7 PM.  The only way to take the make up is to have an exam excuse or be on the infirmary list.  If you take the make-up exam, take your exam excuse and a photo ID to the testing site.  Please notify me if you will be taking the make-up exam for the location.

***
We will review for the final exam on Wed, April 20 and Wed, April 27 during class time by going over the Fall 2014 Final Exam and answering your other questions.  Please bring a copy of the exam with you.  Links to 5 old final exams and keys can be found on WA at the bottom of the links list.  Calculators were allowed on the first 4 of those old finals, but are no longer allowed as of Spring 2014.  We will target the questions from the sections on Test 3 first, then those on Test 1, and lastly those on Test 2.

***
You can still earn 50% of the points available for this course with the retake and the final exam.  Your grade in Math 130 is based solely on performance.  You have worked hard this semester, stay healthy and finish strong!

If you have any questions, issues, or concerns, please let me know.

Dr. B. Shryock
Math 130 Coordinator
Department of Mathematics
UNC-Chapel Hill
