Codecademy , the easiest place to learn to code
online, is currently recruiting high-performing undergraduate CS students
experienced in web design for our Advisors program
. *This is a
paid, part-time, remote position* that offers a fantastic way for
undergraduate students to get involved in teaching Codecademy users,
collaborate with like-minded developers, and get experience at a well-known
startup early on in their career.




JOB DESCRIPTION:

Codecademy  is looking for enthusiastic CS students
with a web development background to provide guidance and support for our
online learners. *This is a paid, part-time, remote position* that offers a
fantastic way to get involved in teaching Codecademy users, collaborate
with like-minded developers, and work alongside the Codecademy team.
Advisors work one-on-one with Codecademy Pro users. A typical Advisor shift
involves reviewing code, teaching high-level concepts, introducing new
product features, and helping our learners succeed on their journey to
learn programming.



This opportunity is geared towards students with experience in web design. We
are especially keen on candidates that are skilled in *Ruby + Rails,
Angular.js, React.js, PHP, and sass. *Our Advisors don't need to be
experts, but do need to be passionate about teaching programming, able to
explain the fundamentals, and empathetic towards the struggles of beginner
learners.



Apply today on the Codecademy website
, and be sure to
note that you're applying from UNC Chapel Hill on your application. For any
questions about the program, reach out to Max at max@codecademy.com.

-- 
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group page linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
--- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Careers" group.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
