




<!-- .EmailQuote { margin-left: 1pt; padding-left: 4pt; border-left: #800000 2px solid; } -->



The Office of Scholarships and Student Aid
111 Pettigrew Hall, Campus Box 2300
P.O. Box 1080
Chapel Hill, NC 27514-1080
 
Office Hours:
M, T, F: 8:00 to 5:00pm
W, Th: 10:00 to 5:00pm
Aidinfo@unc.edu
https://studentaid.unc.edu
 
 
Thank you for contacting our office, this is an auto-reply. Please allow us 2-3 business days to respond to your inquiry.
 
 
 


Having trouble accessing your Financial Aid To-Do list?

 
If you are newly admitted, make sure that you have created your UNC ONYEN. This is the University ID that you will use
to access your UNC Email and Connect Carolina Student Center – please note this is different from the email and password used to access your Admissions information. University email should
be checked regularly, as it is your official communications tool with the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 


Checking on documents submitted to our office?

 
We are receiving a high volume of documents and it will take 1-2 weeks for To-Do List items to be cleared from ConnectCarolina. We are not able to check same-day for faxes or emails.
Please give us adequate time to carefully review and process the information provided.
 
·         Need documentation of all loans received
over your college career? 
 
Visit the National Student Loan Database.
 
        
Important Contact Information
 
 
University Operator – 919-962-2211
Charges on your account and bills http://cashier.unc.edu   cashier@unc.edu

Payment plans www.afford.com/unc
Check the status of ConnectCarolina http://ccinfo.unc.edu/system-status/
To complete the FAFSA www.fafsa.ed.gov
To complete the CSS PROFILE profileonline.collegeboard.com
Direct Loan information, loan counseling, interest rate information, and master promissory notes www.studentloans.gov
For IRS Tax Return Transcripts, visit the IRS site 
 
 
 



