Reservation and Payment Complete		  
          	
			  
				
				  
					
					Mangza Lal 
					PID: 730006540
					Session 9: 07/06/15 
					  to 07/07/15 
					
					  
					  
					  	
		
					  
					  Thank you for completing your reservation for New Student Orientation! If you have questions about your reservation, please contact the Office of New Student and Carolina Parent Programs at newstudents@unc.edu.
Be sure to visit the New Student Orientation Checklist for updated information pertaining to your Orientation.
For guests interested in learning more about local hotels, the Office of New Student & Carolina Parent Programs is proud to partner with some of Chapel Hill's finest hotels to offer special rates and accommodations while families visit UNC Chapel Hill. Click here for more information.

					  
					  
					  A.
					   Language Placement
Please note that all French, German, Latin and Spanish placement exams will be facilitated online, prior to attending New Student Orientation. If you are taking one of these online placement exams, please follow the steps below to ensure you are prepared for your Orientation session.

Create your ONYEN at https://onyen.unc.edu
At least two weeks prior to Orientation, take the exam at www.unc.edu/languageplacement
Please print your placement test results and bring your test results to your Orientation session.

For additional information, regarding the online placement exams and languages other than French, German, Latin and Spanish, please visit http://unc.edu/languageplacement or call the Office of New Student & Carolina Parent Programs at 919-962-8304.

					  
					  
					  B.
					   Academic Preparation
Carefully review the information online at the Advising website to learn about the curriculum and begin planning your coursework. To help facilitate your Orientation experience, two weeks prior to your Orientation, a link to an on-line academic advising module will be emailed to you in a Preparing for Orientation email. All new First-Year Students must complete the on-line module in advance of coming to Orientation. Any questions or concerns related to academic advising will be addressed when you meet with an academic advisor at First-Year Student Orientation.
	  
					  
					  
					  C.
					   Self-Identification (Accessibility Resources and Service)
If you have a medical condition or disability that you believe may impact your ability to meet the various demands of University life, please visit http://accessibility.unc.edu/students/new-students to voluntarily self-identify with the Office of Accessibility Resources & Service.

					  
							  			 
							  						  
					
					  D.
					   Fall Course Registration
You may register for classes beginning Wednesday, July 15, 2015 at 10:00 AM. Course registration will end Thursday, July 16, 2015 at 02:00 PM.
We encourage you to visit http://newstudents.unc.edu to checkout additional information related to extended Orientation opportunities. New family members are encouraged to visit https://nscpp.unc.edu/parents-families to learn more about parent & family programs and ways to get involved.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to let us know.
We look forward to seeing you at Orientation! Go Heels!

New Student & Carolina Parent ProgramsSASB South Building, Suite 3318, CB#5490Chapel Hill, NC 27599919-962-8304 newstudents@unc.edu
Don't forget to follow us on twitter @uncnewstudents

				
					
				
			  
            
		
		
                                                 
		
