---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Alabanza, Anginelle 


Hi Jodie,



My name is Anginelle and I am the National Liaison of UNC=E2=80=99s chapter=
 of
SACNAS, the Society for Advancement of Chicanos/Hispanics and Native
Americans in Science. If you would be able to forward the text below to
your graduate/undergraduate listservs, promoting the initiation of our
chapter and our launch event, I would be extremely appreciative.



Thanks for your time, and hope to hear from you soon!



Anginelle Alabanza

Graduate student, Dept. of Chemistry

National Liaison, SACNAS-UNC Chapter

----------------------------------



Passionate about promoting diversity in STEM fields?

Looking for a role in leadership and community outreach?

Join *SACNAS!*

SACNAS is the Society for Advancement of Chicanos/Hispanics and Native
Americans in Science. As a national organization, SACNAS is dedicated to
fostering the success of Chicano/Hispanic and Native American scientists to
attain advanced degrees, careers, and positions of leadership in STEM
fields. Membership to SACNAS is open to all individuals and provides
mentorship and leadership development to those involved. We are looking for
people who are interested in being involved with developing this chapter or
who would like to be an active member.

Mark your calendars for our *launch event to be held on Wednesday, October
26th*. The event will include a poster session featuring the research of
current SACNAS members and keynote speaker Dr. Jon Lorsch, director of the
NIGMS. More details about this event will be sent out as the date
approaches.

Make sure to subscribe to our listserv to stay up to date on this and other
events SACNAS has planned! Any questions can be directed to Evan Reynolds (
ewr5c@live.unc.edu).

--=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
