Sorry for sending this to everyone but there is no good way for me to
identify who is really a junior...

---------- Forwarded message ----------

Please circulate the research opportunity below to current juniors in your
department?  It is an intensive annual program that brings together new
teams of established researchers each summer.  It has a long track record
of successfully mentoring top undergraduates by including them on these
teams from the start.

The application deadline is February 28, with a faculty recommendation
letter due by March 7.

Thanks!
Florian Metze
Carnegie Mellon University

    --------------------------------------------------

Subject: Supported Undergraduate Positions on Summer Research Teams

Carnegie Mellon University=E2=80=99s Language Technologies Institute is hos=
ting the
2017 Jelinek Summer Workshop on Speech and Language Technology (JSALT). We
are seeking outstanding members of the current junior class to join a
summer research workshop on language engineering from June 19 to August 11,
2017.

The 8-week workshop provides an intense intellectual environment.
Undergraduates work closely alongside senior researchers as part of a
multi-university research team, which has been assembled for the summer to
attack some problem of current interest. The teams and topics for summer
2017 include:

* Neural Machine Translation with Minimal Parallel Resources
* Enhancement and Analysis of Conversational Speech
* The Speaking Rosetta Stone - Discovering Grounded Linguistic Units for
Languages without Orthography

We hope that this stimulating and selective experience will encourage
students to pursue graduate study in human language technology, as it has
been doing for many years.

The summer workshop provides:

* An opportunity to explore an exciting new area of research
* A two-week tutorial on current speech and language technology
* Mentoring by experienced researchers
* Participation in project planning activities
* Use of cloud computing services
* A $5,500 stipend and $2,240 towards per diem expenses
* Private furnished accommodation for the duration of the workshop
* Travel expenses to and from the workshop venue

Applications should be received by TUESDAY, February 28, 2017. The
applicant must provide the name and contact information of a faculty
nominator, who will be asked to upload a recommendation by March 7, 2017.

Apply online here:
https://www.lti.cs.cmu.edu/2017-jsalt-undergraduate

Questions can be directed to Prof. Florian Metze  or
Prof. Sanjeev Khudanpur .

Applicants are evaluated only on relevant skills, employment experience,
past academic record, and the strength of letters of recommendation. No
limitation is placed on the undergraduate major. Women and minorities are
encouraged to apply.

--=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
