I know this doesn't apply to everyone, but wanted to assure broad
distribution.

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Stanley Ahalt 
Date: Thu, Jan 19, 2017 at 10:18 AM
Subject: [recruiting] ProposaProposals from Women for Computer, Video Game
Scholarships ls from Women for Computer, Video Game Scholarships
To: "recruiting@cs.unc.edu" 
Cc: Kevin Jeffay 


*#12*

*Proposals from Women for Computer, Video Game Scholarships*

ESA Foundation



The Entertainment Software Association Foundation
, the philanthropic arm of the Entertainment
Software Association, is seeking applications to a scholarship program
designed to assist women and minority students who are pursuing degrees
leading to a career in Computer & Video Game Arts.



Scholarships are offered for full-time undergraduate study at an accredited
four-year college or university in the United States. Up to thirty
scholarships of $3,000 each will be awarded annually, with fifteen going to
graduating high school seniors and fifteen going to current college
students.



Applicants must be a female or minority student pursuing a degree leading
to a career in computer and video game arts (high school seniors must
already be accepted into a program). In addition, applicants must be
enrolling or enrolled in a full-time undergraduate course of study at an
accredited four-year college or university in the United States; maintain a
grade-point average of 2.75 or above on a 4.0 scale (or its equivalent),
and be a citizen of the U.S.



The foundation will be accepting applications between February 1 and April
1, 2017.



Dates: April 01, 2017

Link:

http://esafoundation.org/scholarship.asp





---

Stan Ahalt, PhD

Director, RENCI

Prof, Dept. of Computer Science, UNC-CH

Assoc. Director, Biomedical Informatics Service, NC TraCS



For appointments, contact Asia Mieczkowska jomiecz@renci.org, ph#
919.445.9641 <(919)%20445-9641>

-- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
