Hello Work Study members,

I have already met most of you in person, but for those I haven't, I'll
introduce myself. My name is Daniel Korn and I'm a BS/MS student with the
UNC Computer Science Department. I've been given the opportunity to act as
the Work Study program's mentor, which means I'm here to help you succeed
with your projects. My main task to give you objectives on a weekly basis
and help you accomplish deal with issues that come up along the way.

I want to give you guys access to myself and your other team members, so
I'd like to have set hours for everyone to dedicate fully to their
projects. These will be inside the Sitterson Software Systems Laboratory,
at SN 136 (you'll need a white card to enter, I'm working on ensuring
everyone access to this room right now).  These will be at

Monday: 12:30 - 2:30 PM
Tuesday: 9 - 11 AM
Wednesday: 12:30 - 2:30 PM
Thursday: 9 - 11 AM

To ensure everyone is able to make progress on their projects and get help
when needed, at least two of these sessions should be attended every week.

In addition, I want to set aside time to have one on one meetings with each
of you on Friday. These are so we can discuss the goals and objectives of
your project for the upcoming week. I have allotted 15-minute time slots
from 12:45 until 4:00 each Friday. You can sign up for a time slot using
this link

https://calendar.google.com/calendar/selfsched?sstoken=UUZfLUtTYmdmN2dofGRlZmF1bHR8Nzc4ZjI1ZmJhNzZiY2VhMjYzY2JiZTg1ZjAyZjZkMjM


If you have any schedule conflicts feel free to contact me, my calendar is
available for viewing under this email (dkorn@cs.unc.edu), so you can check
and see when I'm free. If another time works better for you, I will do my
best to make it happen. If you have any issues at all, let me know. If you
have any ideas for your project or future projects (new technologies,
different systems, extra features, anything!) I'd be more than happy to
hear them so we can work together to make use them. I hope we all have a
great semester.

Daniel Korn
