Are you interested in holding a position in Student Congress during
the 2015-2016 academic school year? Offices include:

1. District 1 (students who live in Alderman, Alexander, Aycock, Cobb,
Connor, Everett, Graham, Grimes, Joyner, Kenan, Lewis, Mangum, Manly, McIve=
r, Old East, Old West, Ruffin, Spencer, Stacy, and Winston
residence halls): 1 seat available

3. District 3 (students who live in Craige, Craige North, Hardin,
Hinton, and Morrison residence halls): 1 seat available

4. District 4 (students who live in Ehringhaus, Hinton James, Horton,
and Koury residence halls): 3 seats available

7. District 7 (students who live in off-campus housing): 1 seat available

8. District 8 (students who live in Odum Village, Ram Village, and Baity
Hill communities): 1 seat available

9. District 9 (students enrolled in graduate or professional degree
programs within the Schools of Business, Government, Information and
Library Science, Journalism and Mass Communication, and Law): 3 seats avail=
able

10. District 10 (students enrolled in graduate or professional degree
programs within the Schools of Dentistry, Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy,
Public Health, and Social Work): 7 seats available

11. District 11 (students enrolled in graduate or professional degree
programs within the College of Arts and Sciences and the School of
Education): 1 seat available

If interested, your attendance is required at a Mandatory Candidates' Meeti=
ng sponsored by the Board of Elections to officially declare your candidacy=
.

These meetings will be held on Monday, October 12, 2015 at both 11:30am and=
 5:00pm in Union 2423. An additional meeting will be held on Tuesday, Octob=
er 13, 2015 at 11:30am in the same room. Students running for ANY office ca=
n attend ANY meeting as all meetings will be identical.

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to email boe@unc.edu.

Best,
Board of Elections

This message is sponsored by: Board of Elections

