Please join us for the

CS & IT Career Symposium 2017!

Join us for an evening of panel discussions and networking to learn how to
improve your online portfolio, prepare for the job search and find out what
it is like to work in several industries.  Don't miss this opportunity to
engage with representatives and recruiters from these leading companies.

[image: Career Symposium Logos.png]

=E2=80=8B

Register here for the CS&IT Career Symposium!


Symposium Schedule

Thursday, September 14, 2017

5:00pm-8:00pm

*Registration required*

5:00pm

Student Registration

5:30pm

Panel 1: Industry Perspective

In the first panel of the evening, panelists will discuss what it is like
to work in a broad range of fields. We are hoping to have a diverse group
of panelists who will be able to provide perspectives on working in
technology, finance, consulting, and other fields, depending on which
companies join the panel.

6:15pm

Panel 2:  Student Perspective

The second panel will focus on student experience in internships and jobs
in the computer science field. Current students and recent graduates will
discuss what helped them secure internships, and what opportunities they
had/have in their roles at these companies.

7:00pm

Networking Event

We will finish the evening with some time for students to interact with
panelists face-to-face. Follow up on topics discussed during panels, ask
new questions, and build connections with industry professionals.
Refreshments will be provided.

For more information, please visit the CS&IT Career Week
 page on our website.


--
External Relations

UNC Department of Computer Science
Sitterson Hall, CB 3175
Chapel Hill, NC 27599
er@cs.unc.edu

--=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Student Events" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to studentevents+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
