*TL;DR; If you are graduating this semester or in the fall, submit your
application by March 9.  If you graduate May 2019, wait until August to
apply.*

I had been hoping to have a meeting to talk about the BS/MS program but as
it looks now, the first rational slot that I have is the Thursday after
spring break so I'm going to try to cover as much as I can by email.  Feel
free to send me follow-on questions.  I've tried to include information
here for both those ready to apply and those who are planning.  (Sorry for
the length of the note; trying to answer as many questions as I can)

We are making some changes to the process that are not yet reflected on the
website.  The most important one is that we are moving the application
process to your senior year.  That is, you should not apply until you are
within 2 semesters of graduating.  With that timing, we are moving the
application to the beginning of the semester.  We will accept applications
for approximately the first month of the semester and review the
applications within 2 weeks of the end of the application period.

*For this semester, we are accepting applications through March 9 (Friday
before spring break) and will notify applicants of the decision by March
23.*

While the application requires 7 courses 400 or above, we have learned that
we really cannot judge students who have not taken at least 3 500-level
courses.  We expect this to become the official requirement next year but
if you have not taken any 500-level courses yet, you may want to wait until
next year to apply.

The fundamental design of the program:

   - BS and MS requirements remain the same
   - The MS requirements can be found on the department website
    but are
   basically 10 courses, a comprehensive paper, a programming product, and a
   set of background requirements
      - The 10 courses require 3 that cover the breadth requirements.  For
      the other courses, any comp sci courses are fine.  Courses outside of the
      department can be approved the graduate studies committee.
      - The comprehensive paper is a journal-length paper that shows you
      are able to write and integrate ideas from different parts of computer
      science.  (It's not as scary as it sounds.) You must take one semester's
      course to complete the comprehensive paper; you may take the course 2
      semesters.
      - The programming product requirement can be met by taking COMP 523
      or a software development internship
      - Most of the background requirements will have been met as you got
      your BS.  Of elective courses, the expectation is that you have
taken 2 of
      520 (compilers), 521 (databases), 530 (compilers) as well as 524
      (programming language concepts) and 541 (digital logic).  Some of these
      requirements can also be met with self-study options (for which
there tend
      to be study groups. * If you are in the planning stages, look at the
      background requirement to choose electives.*
   - You can transfer into the graduate program up to 3 courses that you
   took while registered as an undergraduate.  These must be courses that do
   not count in anyway toward your bachelors degree (major, 120 credits, gen
   ed requirements, double major or minor)  You do not need to be able to
   transfer any courses in, but it will be difficult to graduate with a
   master's in 1 year if you don't.  The basic math is
      - 10 courses required
      - 3 transferred in leaves 7 courses
      - 3 one semester and 4 the other semester (given that a normal
      graduate load is 3 courses and you can do 2 courses for the comprehensive
      paper, this is quite doable)
   - Once admitted into the program, you can take more than 2 semesters.
   Students who don't transfer in 3 courses, often take 3 semesters

That's all that I can think of at the moment.
Diane

-- 
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "Majors" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to majors+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
