Hello Everyone,

See below for upcoming events and opportunities.

*Events*



* Whiteboard PartyWant to practice for a technical interview? Or get
comfortable with whiteboarding problems? Join ConnectWise for the
first Whiteboard Party
!
Who: 10
students (first come sign-up)When: Tuesday, April 10th from 5:30-7
p.m.Details: Join ConnectWise Software Engineers to whiteboard coding
problems with a small group of peers and plenty of pizza! This event will
only host 10 students on a first come, first serve basis. Sign-up using
this link  and you will receive an
email with details. You will need to confirm attendance given the limited
space available for this event. Sign-up here
*Don't worry if you can't make this
event. We will host more events like this in the future!* *
*Credit Suisse Hackathon: 2018 Code Suisse*
Credit Suisse will be hosting a Hackathon (2018 Code Suisse) in our Raleigh
office this spring on *May 24 and 25*.
We would love your help advertising this event to students who may be
interested in participating.
Information about Code Suisse 2018:
-*Deadline to sign up for selection: April 9, 2018*
-Candidates who complete the online sign-up will be reviewed and those
selected to participate will be notified in late April
-Students must be graduating between December 2019 and June 2020 to
participate
-The event is on May 24 and May 25
-Students must be available to attend both days
-The hackathon projects will be worked on in teams of 3
-Candidates can register as individuals, pairs or trios
-Individuals and pairs will be able to join teams on the first day of the
event
-Students must complete the puzzle to access the application link. The
puzzle link is located here: http://credit-suisse.com/codesuisse
-First, second, and third place teams will receive prizes!
*View detailed flyer here*


*Cisco Multi-Cultural Career Day for UNC Undergrads*
Cisco Multi-Cultural Career Day
Friday, April 13, 2018, 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM
Cisco Campus - Research Triangle Park, NC

We make amazing things happen when we connect the unconnected. Cisco is
changing the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. The Cisco
Multi-Cultural Career Day is an event designed to share important tips
around what students should look for when selecting a company to kick-off
their career after graduation. Don=E2=80=99t miss this great opportunity to=
 hear
from industry professionals at various stages in their careers, across a
variety of technical and non-technical roles, as they share their insights
into understanding the important qualities and aspects to look for in a
company before accepting an offer.

How to get involved:
Email Melanie-Lark Benning =E2=80=93 mebennin@cisco.com to *RSVP no later t=
han
Friday, April 6th*. *Please include in your RSVP email your Full Name,
Preferred Email Address, University, Major, and a copy of your Resume.*
Be sure to reserve your spot early as seats are limited. Lunch and snacks
will be provided.

*Google's Code Jam 2018*

View details below. View flyer here.


*Code Jam 2018 registration is now open! *Code Jam is back for its 15th
year! Whether you're a coding novice or a programming professional, we
invite all levels to compete in multiple online rounds of algorithmic
puzzles for the coveted title of Code Jam Champion and a cash prize of up
to $15,000.
Here's what you can expect:

   - Challenging problems. All problems are meticulously designed by Google
   engineers. Participating will give you the opportunity to be challenged,
   test your coding skills, and practice in a fast-paced competition
   environment.
   - A global coding community. Join the Code Jam community of current and
   former participants and learn from some of the best programmers in the
   world. Follow #CodeJam and check out our Google+, Twitter, Facebook and
   YouTube channels.
   - Exciting prizes. Top competitors will be invited to attend the World
   Finals at Google=E2=80=99s office in Toronto, Canada in August =E2=80=94=
 where they=E2=80=99ll
   compete for the title of Code Jam Champion and a cash prize of up to
   $15,000. The top 1,000 participants also win a limited edition Code Jam
   t-shirt.
   - The Online Qualification Round begins on Friday, April 6 @ 23:00 UTC.
   Registrations close at the end of this round, so make sure to register
   today and start preparing by practicing with some of our previous proble=
ms.

For more information about Code Jam 2018, check out the FAQs and Terms at
g.co/codejam.
See you on the scoreboard!
-The Code Jam Team
New to Code Jam & coding competitions? Try your hand at Kickstart, a coding
challenge designed to test and grow your coding abilities, while getting a
glimpse into the programming skills needed for a technical career at Google=
.

*Opportunities*

*Jane Street Infrastructure Info Session*
Quantitative trading firm with upcoming information sessions on April 12th
and 13th. Jane Street is hiring for the Infrastructure Rotational Program.
Learn more about Jane Street  and register
 for an upcoming info
session.
*View detailed posting here*


*Red Ventures* *3-Day Internship Summit*
Learn more on the detailed flyer
. To
apply go to redventures.com/careers.

*iD Tech*

iD Tech is looking for energetic, tech-savvy, summer staff who understand
the need for quality technology education for young students. Instructors
teach coding, game design, robotics, Arduino, 3-D printing, modeling and
animation, website design, film, photography, cyber security, virtual
reality and more!



iD Tech also needs amazing Directors. Our Directors are natural leaders,
problem solvers, and organizational wizards who love mentoring talented
staff=E2=80=94a staff of instructors that deliver their technical knowledge=
 to
excited campers. They become the face of iD Tech to hundreds of students
and parents.



I have included links to printable flyers for our various positions:

Camp Instructors


Camp Directors


Women in STEM

Take the first step to a great summer! Learn more 
& apply today .

*Barings *has posted two new internship positions for Cybersecurity
Engineering Summer Intern
 and Information
Security Governance Summer Intern
. Both can be
found in Handshake .

*CheggTutors *has paid tutoring opportunities for University students.
Learn more here

.


*Lenovo Summer Product Engineering Intern* (May-August 2018)
Morrisville, NC
Lenovo is one of the largest PC companies in world, with products including
industry-leading ThinkPad & IdeaPad notebook computers and ThinkCentre &
IdeaCentre desktop computers. Our Morrisville, NC Headquarters is the base
for our Worldwide Quality organization, responsible for finding, fixing,
and preventing defects in our systems. The Product Engineering teams handle
the toughest of these cases, which often require significant persistence in
problem-solving skills to find the root cause and work with development
teams to fix in a timely manner.

Position Description: This position offers a broad range of lab-based
experience inside Desktop and Mobile Product Engineering. This is a
hands-on position which will expand your understanding of PC hardware,
subsystems, and the Windows OS & drivers, in addition to the workings of a
global team within one of the world's leading technology firms. Specific
tasks will include:
- Evaluating emerging technology from both a business, technical, and user
perspective
- Functional testing on laptop, desktop, and workstation systems
- Developing process and product measurements that will predict unit
satisfaction/quality ratings in the marketplace
- Work with Product Engineers on problem reproduction and debug

Qualifications
- Pursuing Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Computer
Science degree
- Hobbyist or professional experience with PC assembly/repair preferred
- Self-motivated
- Good communication skills
- Good organizational skills

Contact Robbie Taylor, Lenovo Product Engineer, directly at
robbiet@lenovo.com or (919) 294-1331

*Google *student research opportunity. Learn more and apply here

.

*Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Research Analyst Position*

Research Analysts play an integral role in both the policy and research
functions of the Research and Statistics Group.  Our economists, whose
specialties include banking and payment systems, capital markets,
international economics, macroeconomics, and microeconomics, work closely
with Research Analysts.

We seek candidates who have records of superior scholarship and academic
curiosity.  Research Analysts usually come from strong economics, policy,
mathematics, or computer science backgrounds, though a major in one of
these fields is not a necessity.  Successful candidates often have previous
research experience, and many are considering careers in economic research,
public policy, or other related fields.

In addition, we seek candidates from a wide range of backgrounds that are
typically underrepresented in economics.  It is important to us that we
succeed in recruiting a diverse cohort of research analysts each year. Thus
we encourage many students with varying experiences and backgrounds to
apply. As a representative of your institution and student body, we ask
that you please help us in passing this message along to any candidates you
may know who may be otherwise hesitant to apply.

The pamphlet linked here

provides more details about the Research Analyst position.  Applications
are being accepted now, on a rolling basis, here
. It
is recommended that candidates apply as soon as possible.

*Trident Systems* is a defense subcontractor with a research office located
just south of RDU.  This office focuses on cybersecurity, but our HQ is in
Fairfax, VA.
We would like to hire some interns who are majoring in Computer Science
from local universities. The internships pay $12-$16/hour with the
potential of a perm position upon graduation. Students can work 20-35 hours
with a potential to work more during breaks. The work is ITAR restricted to
US Citizens and US Naturalized Citizens. Additionally, candidates would
need to pass a background check and provide a transcript showing a minimum
3.0 GPA. Learn more and apply here .

*GymMe LLC *is a small startup based on the app with two other co-founders
who just recently graduated college. We are looking for a developer that
would be able to finish the app, which will involve putting a messaging
feature in the app and tweaking a few UI things. We are developing a social
network-type iOS app using Swift and Firebase, we are 80% done with the
project but are looking for a mobile developer to help clean up some basic
features and polish the storyboard. We will be able to pay around $1,500
for the completion of the app, which shouldn't be too much work. Anyone who
is confident that they will be able to complete this task can reach out to
me by calling or texting the number I gave at the bottom or email me.
Contact Name: Carter Draughon
Email: carterdraughon@gmail.com
Phone number: 404-272-7355







*Want to work on-campus with University Career Services? Become a Career
Peer! Career Peers are paid positions who support UNC-CH students with
resumes, cover letters, and career prep. They also focus on an industry
area, organizing related programming for that industry. Career Peers should
apply through Handshake  (deadline is
updated to 04/06)!*View flyer here*
Searching
for more opportunities? Don't forget about Handshake
! UCS' online system for job and
internship search which boasts thousands of opportunities. Complete your
profile, upload your resume, and apply online. You already have an account;
log-in with your ONYEN.Want to make a career development
appointment?Use Handshake  to create
appointments in Sitterson (T/Th) or Hanes Hall to discuss your career
related needs. Upcoming Events for April
 2018:04/10 Whiteboard Party
sponsored by ConnectWise--This is an RSVP only event. 10 students only on
first come basis; sign up here
. 04/=
12
Macedon Technologies Coffee Chat from 10-1 p.m.04/19 PointSource Info
Session from 5:30-7 p.m.Full details can be found on the CS events calendar
 or in Handshake
. <(919)%20590-6034>Thank
you,Catherine AllenUCS Liaison to Computer Science224 Hanes Hall or 121
Sitterson (T/Th)*

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to careers+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
