Hello Everyone,

Happy Friday! See below for opportunities and events... note there are a
couple on-campus summer opportunities for grads and undergrads.

*Opportunities*

*Rewriting the Code-Fellowship Program for Women in CS*
Rewriting the Code  is a non-profit
organization who supports college women in computer science. If you are an
undergraduate woman pursuing a major that could lead to a career in tech,
consider applying for the Rewriting the Code Fellowship program
.

This year long program includes community building and networking with
college women, mentorship opportunities, opportunities for professional
growth, internship/full-time job opportunities, and summer programming in
cities including NYC, Raleigh/Durham, San Francisco, Seattle, Silicon
Valley, and Washington DC.

Learn more about Rewriting the Code here .
Learn more about the Fellowship program here
.
Questions? Contact Jade Barricelli at jbarricelli@rewritingthecode.org

*UNC CS Department, GE Girls Camp Instructor*
Paid instructor position for undergraduate students starting in July. This
camp is in partnership with GE. Hiring 4 instructors!
Learn more here. 

*UNC Undergraduate Library, Summer Graduate Assistant*
20 hour/week graduate student research assistant to help develop the
library's VR & RA services.
Learn more here.



*UNC Kenan Science Library, Graduate Student Research Assistant*
20 hour/week graduate student research assistant in Kenan Science Library
makerspace.
Orient patrons using VR equipment and more.
Learn more here.


*NetApp Intern: Sales, Service & Support Academy*
Job Requirements
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
- Excellent interpersonal communication and customer service skills are
needed in order work successfully with prospects, customers, and cross
functional teams to meet performance goals.
- Strong aptitude for learning new technologies and understanding how to
utilize them in a customer facing environment.
- Ability to follow standard engineering principles and practices.
- Creative approach to problem solving.
- Travel to the prospective customer's sites as necessary.

Education
We are seeking candidates that are pursuing a Bachelor=E2=80=99s, Master=E2=
=80=99s or Ph.D.
degree in Business, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical
Engineering, Information Systems or an equivalent degree.

Learn more about the position and apply here.


*UNC School of Nursing *is hiring a Temp/Part-time Applications Analyst.
Learn more here.


*Launch Chapel Hill, AITS Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Internship*
Part-time summer internship (20 hrs/week) with the opportunity of a
full-time hire or longer-term part-time relationship.  Candidate will be
assisting in the creation of a customer web portal and scalable website for
Google-cloud based convolutional neural network used for video analysis in
research and clinical focused microscopy systems.  Comparable consumer
websites and customer web portals would be Box and Dropbox.

Our company is a spin-out of research conducted at UNC-CH.  Our founders
are professors within the Mathematics Department and within the UNC
Eshelman School of Pharmacy.
Learn more here.


*First Databank, Software Engineering Intern*
FDB Health  is hiring a Software Engineering
Intern for their Moorisville, NC office.  Learn more and apply here.
 Please send
questions to Brenda Mesalam .

*Red Ventures* *3-Day Internship Summit*
Learn more on the detailed flyer
. To
apply go to redventures.com/careers.

*Barings *has posted two new internship positions for Cybersecurity
Engineering Summer Intern
 and Information
Security Governance Summer Intern
. Both can be
found in Handshake .

*Lenovo Summer Product Engineering Intern* (May-August 2018)
Morrisville, NC
Lenovo is one of the largest PC companies in world, with products including
industry-leading ThinkPad & IdeaPad notebook computers and ThinkCentre &
IdeaCentre desktop computers. Our Morrisville, NC Headquarters is the base
for our Worldwide Quality organization, responsible for finding, fixing,
and preventing defects in our systems. The Product Engineering teams handle
the toughest of these cases, which often require significant persistence in
problem-solving skills to find the root cause and work with development
teams to fix in a timely manner.

Position Description: This position offers a broad range of lab-based
experience inside Desktop and Mobile Product Engineering. This is a
hands-on position which will expand your understanding of PC hardware,
subsystems, and the Windows OS & drivers, in addition to the workings of a
global team within one of the world's leading technology firms. Specific
tasks will include:
- Evaluating emerging technology from both a business, technical, and user
perspective
- Functional testing on laptop, desktop, and workstation systems
- Developing process and product measurements that will predict unit
satisfaction/quality ratings in the marketplace
- Work with Product Engineers on problem reproduction and debug

Qualifications
- Pursuing Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Computer
Science degree
- Hobbyist or professional experience with PC assembly/repair preferred
- Self-motivated
- Good communication skills
- Good organizational skills

Contact Robbie Taylor, Lenovo Product Engineer, directly at
robbiet@lenovo.com or (919) 294-1331

*ECRS Software* is hiring programmers!
They are located in Boone, NC and are an electronic cash register software
company.
Learn more here. 

*Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Research Analyst Position*
Research Analysts play an integral role in both the policy and research
functions of the Research and Statistics Group.  Our economists, whose
specialties include banking and payment systems, capital markets,
international economics, macroeconomics, and microeconomics, work closely
with Research Analysts.

We seek candidates who have records of superior scholarship and academic
curiosity.  Research Analysts usually come from strong economics, policy,
mathematics, or computer science backgrounds, though a major in one of
these fields is not a necessity.  Successful candidates often have previous
research experience, and many are considering careers in economic research,
public policy, or other related fields.

In addition, we seek candidates from a wide range of backgrounds that are
typically underrepresented in economics.  It is important to us that we
succeed in recruiting a diverse cohort of research analysts each year. Thus
we encourage many students with varying experiences and backgrounds to
apply. As a representative of your institution and student body, we ask
that you please help us in passing this message along to any candidates you
may know who may be otherwise hesitant to apply.

The pamphlet linked here

 provides more details about the Research Analyst position.  Applications
are being accepted now, on a rolling basis, here
. It
is recommended that candidates apply as soon as possible.






*Searching for more opportunities? Don't forget about Handshake
! UCS' online system for job and
internship search which boasts thousands of opportunities. Complete your
profile, upload your resume, and apply online. You already have an account;
log-in with your ONYEN.Want to make a career development
appointment?Use Handshake  to create
appointments in Sitterson (T/Th) or Hanes Hall to discuss your career
related needs. Upcoming Events for April
 2018:04/19 PointSource Info
Session from 5:30-7 p.m.Full details can be found on the CS events calendar
 or in Handshake
. <(919)%20590-6034>Thank
you,Catherine AllenUCS Liaison to Computer Science224 Hanes Hall or 121
Sitterson (T/Th)*

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an e=
mail to careers+unsubscribe@cs.unc.edu.
Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
