I've got a few opportunities that have been sent my way the last couple of
days. Many more can be found on Careerolina by following this link:
https://uncch-csm.symplicity.com/students/jobboard/b6e22a473be8b78084486a70=
4fa2f92c



*Sciome - Senior Software Engineer* (see attachment)
*Path BioAnalytics - Part-T**ime Software Developer* (see attachment)
*Path BioAnalytics - Part-Time Scientific Analyst* (see attachment)
*G2 - Automated Security Response Internship* (see attacment)


*Upstate Throwdowns - Project* (paid work)

We are on the hunt for a Web Applications Developer. The core
responsibility of this position is to assist in the design, development,
and maintenance of the company=E2=80=99s business applications. Must be abl=
e to
create web applications, functionality will be for event registration and
tournament scoring system. More details to be discussed during interview
process. The ideal candidate will have an entrepreneurial mindset;
demonstrate an acute attention to detail, excellent communication and
organization skills. This role will provide you with the unique opportunity
to expand your skill set and be creative in the application of said skills.

We will be offering part ownership in the company (equity and profit
sharing) to the right candidate.  We are interviewing and looking to fill
this role immediately, so if you have the desire to be part of an exciting
opportunity, the desire to be an entrepreneur and have the skills to create
web based applications shoot us an email today!

Express interest to:

Michael@upstatethrowdowns.com


*Oak Ridge National Laboratory* - *Full-time Software Engineer *

Here are the links to the positions.



https://www.zintellect.com/Posting/Details/1545 (Post-BS)

https://www.zintellect.com/Posting/Details/1546 (Post-MS)



The description of the job and the qualifications only differ by BS or MS
and the citizenship requirement.



*Description*



The Computer Science Research Group in the Computer Science and Mathematics
Division at Oak Ridge National Laboratory seeks to hire a Software Engineer
to significantly contribute to the design, development, implementation,
documentation, and delivery of new software capabilities for the
Bellerophon Environment for Analysis of Materials (BEAM). This innovative
new software system integrates ORNL's world-class experimental science
facilities at the Institute for Functional Imaging of Materials (IFIM) and
the Center for Nanophase Materials Sciences (CNMS) with the integrated
computational and analytical power of the fastest supercomputer in America,
Titan, at the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility (OLCF) and other High
Performance Computing (HPC) systems at the National Energy Research
Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) to perform near real-time, scalable
data analysis and visualization quickly and easily from a web-deliverable
Java application. At the core of this new system is a web and data server
that enables multiple, concurrent users to securely upload and manage large
data sets ("Big Data"), execute materials science HPC workflows, and
interactively engage analysis artifacts. This unique system allows material
scientists at ORNL to execute cutting edge data analysis algorithms on DOE
supercomputers and compute clusters on experimental data automatically and
investigate the analysis with state-of-the-art 2D and 3D data views from
anywhere in the world.



The successful applicant will work with a wide array of experts in the
fields of computer science, data science, software engineering, material
science, physics, and mathematics to design and develop new capabilities
that will propel science at ORNL's IFIM and CNMS from "Big Data" to "Deep
Data" to "Smart Data" exploration. The applicant will also be expected to
significantly contribute to publications such as peer-reviewed journal
articles, abstracts, and posters, as well as oral presentations at meetings
and conferences.



*Qualifications*



Bachelor's degree in computer science, physics, or engineering.



*OR*



Master's degree in computer science, physics, or engineering.



Preferred Technical Skills:

- Object-oriented software design and development with Java

- Development of multi-threaded, user-friendly desktop applications with
Java and Swing

- Software development using the Eclipse IDE

- Experience using a version control system such as SVN or GIT

- Development of secure web services with PHP and MySQL in a LAMP
environment

- Linux shell programming in Bash



Preferred Professional Skills:

- Strong scientific background or coursework in physics, material science,
mathematics, and chemistry

- Excellent problem solving and oral / written communication skills

- Ability to work independently and with a team

- Ability to multi-task and complete projects within a specified timeframe



The following skills are considered a plus:

- Experience with High Performance Computing (HPC) platforms and compute
clusters

- Experience with advanced data storage formats such as HDF5

- Experience with high-speed data transfer mechanisms

- Scientific programming with Python or FORTRAN



On-the-job training to learn these and other new skills is anticipated and
encouraged.



Applicants cannot have received the most recent degree more than three
years prior to the date of application and must complete all degree
requirements before starting their appointment.



This ORNL Postgraduate Research Associates Program is administered by ORAU
through its contract with the U.S. Department of Energy to manage the Oak
Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE).



Lingerfelt, Eric J.

lingerfeltej@ornl.gov

(865) 576-6618

--=20
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails, visit the group p=
age linked below and go to "my settings (top right), leave this group."
---=20
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "=
Careers" group.
Visit this group at http://groups.google.com/a/cs.unc.edu/group/careers/.
