Dear Students, Faculty and Staff:

Due to forecasted freezing temperatures overnight, the University will remain in Condition 1 until 8 a.m. on Tuesday, March 13, at which point the University will resume normal operations.  Employees, faculty, and students should consider their own personal circumstances to determine whether to report late, leave early, or not report at all.

Condition 1 (until 8 a.m. on Tues. March 13)

Current conditions may not pose severe safety risks or logistical challenges, but an event has significant potential to negatively affect - or already is affecting - local area commuting, important campus services, or the efficient functioning of campus buildings and grounds. Employees, faculty, and students should consider their own personal circumstances to determine whether to report late, leave early, or not report at all.

Adverse Weather Policy and Background 

Unless a change in operational status is announced, the University always operates on a regular schedule. UNC-Chapel Hill may activate three adverse weather operating conditions:  Condition 1 - Reduced Operations (University is open); Condition 2 - Suspended Operations (classes are cancelled; University is open only for mandatory operations); and Condition 3 - Closure (classes are cancelled; offices and facilities are closed).

Faculty and staff are reminded of the University of North Carolina system adverse weather policy for all UNC campuses that took effect in 2016.

Key factors include projections about weather and travel conditions on area roads and campus sidewalks, as well as the operating plans of Chapel Hill Transit and other regional transit. Safety is the number one priority when making weather decisions about campus operations.

Information Sources

If winter weather changes the University's operating status, campus communications will include:


	An email, website post and, if conditions warrant, a text message from Alert Carolina, http://www.alertcarolina.unc.edu. You must be signed up to receive an Alert Carolina text message. 
	Posts on the University's homepage, www.unc.edu, amplified via official social media accounts including @UNC, @Alert_UNCCH (for parents, family, Chapel Hill residents and friends) and @UNC_HR on Twitter. 
	UNC Transportation and Parking for information including parking lot conditions and the status of Point-to-Point shuttle operations, which may cease at any point when travel becomes hazardous for drivers and passengers. Refer to http://move.unc.edu.  
	Adverse Weather and Emergency Phone Line: (919) 843-1234. You may call this number to hear recorded announcements about campus operations. 
	Area news media websites.  


Chapel Hill Transit also posts adverse weather news and routes and schedules. Refer to http://www.townofchapelhill.org/town-hall/news-events/emergency/adverse-weather-updates