Dear Students, Faculty, and Staff:

The National Weather Service predicts that North Carolina may feel the effects of Hurricane Irma in the coming days. The impacts on specific areas within North Carolina, including the Triangle area, remain uncertain.

University officials are closely monitoring reports from emergency management agencies and state officials and taking precautions to keep the campus community safe and well-informed about changes in weather conditions that may impact the local area.

While we don't currently expect Hurricane Irma to affect campus operations, if conditions change, look for announcements on www.unc.edu, alertcarolina.unc.edu, and through other communications including email and text messages. If you have not registered your cell phone to receive text messages about emergencies from the University, go to alertcarolina.unc.edu and click on "Register" in the banner.  You can also download LiveSafe, the University's emergency safety app.  For more information, visit police.unc.edu/carolinasafe/livesafe.

We also remind everyone that weather conditions such as this can produce dangerous situations on roadways and sidewalks, and if conditions worsen, downed powerlines and tree branches could occur. Be cautious of flooded walkways and roadways and do not approach downed powerlines. Stay away from storm drains and drainage systems: turn around, don't drown. Also, watch for missing manhole covers or other ground-level dangers. Stay inside if these serious conditions are encountered. For additional details about being safe and secure when faced with serious storms, please visit: http://tadd.weather.gov.

We also encourage you to tell family and friends now about the American Red Cross Safe and Well List website, so they will know how to get your "safe and well" message in an emergency. In the event of an emergency, you can register on the redcross.org/safeandwell website.

In addition, we urge everyone to visit ready.gov/hurricanes or readync.org to review basic information about how to prepare for a hurricane.

For more campus safety information, visit alertcarolina.unc.edu.

In the event of an emergency on campus, please call 9-1-1.  In a non-emergency, contact UNC Police at 919-962-8100.

About Informational Messages: The University sends an Informational Message to inform the campus community about a situation that is not an emergency but is expected to be of significant interest to the campus. An Informational Message is one of three tiers of communication under the University's revised emergency communications plan. Emergency Warning refers to a siren activation for a significant emergency.  And a Timely Warning is issued if there is a continuing danger AND notification will not compromise law enforcement.