Feb 24, 2017

Dear Mangza Lal,

Thank you for your participation in our Resident Advisor 2017F-2018S process for the 2017-2018 academic year. Based on your performance we think you are an excellent candidate for the role. I am pleased to officially offer you a Resident Advisor 2017F-2018S position in Morrison Community for the 2017-2018 academic year! We have been extremely impressed by the skills and qualities you have exhibited so far and look forward to what you will bring to the Resident Advisor 2017F-2018S position and the Department of Housing and Residential Education.

Acceptance of this position means you commit to returning for the duration of student staff training that will begin on August 6, 2017 and lasting through Residential Campus Opening wrapping up August 21, 2017 and agree to the ethical principles of the role. The most up-to-date version can be viewed at the following link (http://housing.unc.edu/ethics). The letter of appointment for 2017-2018 will be made available during your Spring Meeting in April with a final signature due by payroll sign up day in May. In conjunction with University wide policy, all student employees who work closely with minors must be background checked. If you would like a copy of the current job description, just visit the housing website or the main page of your application in eRezlife.

Appointment is conditional on satisfactory completion of the University’s required criminal background check. This appointment may be rescinded if the background check reveals information that was not previously disclosed and/or the University deems the information to be sufficient to release you from your appointment. Before a final decision is made to rescind any appointment, the appointee will receive a copy of the information used in reaching this decision and will have an opportunity to provide clarifying information or proposed corrections to the background check results.

If you will be accepting the position, please make sure you have completed your housing application. If you had planned to live with friends next year as roommates/suitemates, now is a great time to talk to them about your plans so they can also edit their application before the deadline. This will give them plenty of time to identify a new roommate and update their own application before the deadline.

In order to accept or decline this position, please log in and check the box within the eRezlife system. Please keep in mind that this offer expires on Wednesday, March 1, 2017 at 11:59pm. We encourage you to be timely in your response.

Congratulations and Welcome to the Carolina Housing Staff,

LaVel Heintz

Coordinator for Staff Recruitment and Development