Dear Mangza,

Thank you for your interest in employment with IBM. The next step in
the process is to gather additional information necessary to complete
and finalize your official IBM US Application for Employment.

Before you proceed with the completion of this information, please keep
the following in mind:

*	Allow sufficient time to complete the information.
*	Know that information you have previously provided during the
submission of your resume will be pre-populated for you. Please review
it in its entirety and ensure its accuracy. 
*	Ensure you have the dates and locations readily available for
previous education, residences, and work history before you begin. You
will need to document your complete educational background, as well as
any employment history and addresses for the past 7 years including
addresses associated with a college, university, and/or temporary
housing.
*	Read all questions and instructions carefully and thoroughly to
ensure you understand what is being requested.
*	Be aware that any omissions of required information or any
errors in data may delay the process, as the form must be accurate and
complete. Please review your information carefully before submitting.
*	Please understand this form is a legal document and cannot be
replaced or supplemented by any information that you have already
provided via your resume.

When you are ready to start, please click the link below to access the
candidate portal. 
Candidate Portal Hyperlink
 

Note: If you have been submitted by an agency and have not accessed the
candidate portal to apply, your username will be your email and your
password will be your phone number. 

After logging in you should be presented with the Background
Verification Form form to complete.

If you have questions while completing this required form, please
contact your Recruitment Partner. 

Thank you for your interest in building your future with IBM.

Regards,
Tata Satish Vanapalli

