Dear Students, Faculty and Staff:

The University will activate Condition 2 (Suspended Operations) of its adverse weather plan effective immediately until noon on Thursday, Jan. 4. Conditions will be re-evaluated in the morning and an update regarding campus operations for the remainder of Thursday will be communicated to the campus by 10 a.m.

Classes are cancelled and all non-mandatory operations are suspended; only mandatory employees must report to or remain at work. Non-faculty (staff) non-mandatory employees must not report, or must leave campus. These employees must use leave time if not working or can use make-up time subject to applicable rules. Alternatively, and only with supervisor approval, non-mandatory employees may work from home or an alternate site.

Facilities

University grounds crews are working to treat campus sidewalks and parking lots as quickly as possible. Crews will clear priority areas per the Facilities Services Snow Removal Map, which identifies priority entrances, sidewalks, roadways and parking lots and the order in which they will be addressed. Snow clearing priorities will be adjusted based on planned campus events, weather conditions or other circumstances.

Parking

Parking regulations will not be in effect. The Dogwood Deck is expressly reserved for UNC Healthcare patients and visitors only and will be in full operation to meet patient/visitor parking needs.

The S11 lots along Skipper Bowles Drive will be available to commuters impacted by disrupted transit operations and for overflow if other lots fill.

Top levels of the parking decks are closed and will remain closed until the area can be cleared.

Transportation

Point-to-Point (P2P)


	P2P Express & the P2P Shuttle are not operating during winter break. 
	On Demand services are currently not operating due to road conditions. 


PASS Cart Services


	PASS Cart services will not operate until sidewalks are clear. 


Park & Ride


	Chapel Hill Transit has suspended services. An operational update for Thursday, Jan. 4 will be available at 6:30 a.m. 


Adverse Weather Policy and Background

Unless a change in operational status is announced, the University always operates on a regular schedule. UNC-Chapel Hill may activate three adverse weather operating conditions:  Condition 1 - Reduced Operations (University is open); Condition 2 - Suspended Operations (classes are cancelled; University is open only for mandatory operations); and Condition 3 - Closure (classes are cancelled; offices and facilities are closed).

Staff employees are reminded of the University of North Carolina system adverse weather policy for all UNC campuses that took effect in 2016.

Key factors include projections about weather and travel conditions on area roads and campus sidewalks, as well as the operating plans of Chapel Hill Transit and other regional transit. Safety is the number one priority when making weather decisions about campus operations.

Information Sources

If winter weather changes the University's operating status, campus communications will include:


	An email, website post and, if conditions warrant, a text message from Alert Carolina, http://www.alertcarolina.unc.edu. You must be signed up to receive an Alert Carolina text message. 
	Posts on the University's homepage, www.unc.edu, amplified via official social media accounts including @UNC, @Alert_UNCCH (for parents, family, Chapel Hill residents and friends) and @UNC_HR on Twitter. 
	UNC Transportation and Parking for information including parking lot conditions and the status of Point-to-Point shuttle operations, which may cease at any point when travel becomes hazardous for drivers and passengers. Refer to http://move.unc.edu. 
	Area news media websites. 


Chapel Hill Transit also posts adverse weather news and routes and schedules. Refer to http://www.townofchapelhill.org/town-hall/news-events/emergency/adverse-weather-updates