UNC STUDENTS, STAFF, AND FACULTY:
 
Town of Chapel Hill Police Investigate Armed Robbery near North Street
 
Chapel Hill Police are investigating the report of an armed robbery occurring off-campus near the intersection of Henderson and North Streets in Chapel Hill just before 1 a.m. Wednesday (April 20).  The victim, a male UNC student, was on foot when he was approached by two black males in a dark-colored Jeep.  One suspect exited the Jeep and approached the victim, displayed a handgun, and took items including a backpack and wallet.  The second suspect then approached the victim and took his cellphone.  The suspects then fled in their vehicle and were believed to have headed out of Chapel Hill, northbound on Route 15-501.
 
The victim, who was not hurt, reported that one of the suspects may have been around 6-feet in height; the other was slightly shorter.
 
If anyone has information which might aid in the investigation, please call 9-1-1.  Callers wishing to remain anonymous may call CrimeStoppers at 919-942-7515. Calls to CrimeStoppers are confidential and anonymous, and the caller may be eligible for a cash reward for information that leads to an arrest.
 
Continue to monitor Alert Carolina website (alertcarolina.unc.edu) for updates.  The UNC Department of Public Safety is increasing patrols and reminding the campus community to use common-sense measures to help maintain personal security, to walk in groups, stay in well-lit areas, to use P2P and transit whenever possible, and to report any and all suspicious activity by calling 9-1-1 immediately.  For a complete list of safety tips, see the following link through the Alert Carolina page: http://www.alertcarolina.unc.edu/go/doc/1395/1762999/
 
About Informational Messages: The University sends an Informational Message to inform the campus community about a situation that is not an emergency but is expected to be of significant interest to the campus. An Informational Message is one of three tiers of communication under the University's revised emergency communications plan. Emergency Warning refers to a siren activation for a significant emergency.  And a Timely Warning is issued if there is a continuing danger AND notification will not compromise law enforcement.
 
