Dear Students, Faculty and Staff:

The University will remain in Condition 2 until noon on Friday, Jan. 19. Conditions will be re-evaluated tomorrow morning and an update regarding campus operations for the remainder of Friday will be communicated to the campus by 9 a.m.

The campus community should be extra cautious if on campus as walkways may be slippery and snow and ice may slide off nearby buildings as they melt.

 

Condition 2 (until noon on Friday, Jan. 19)

Classes are cancelled and all laboratories are closed. All non-mandatory operations are suspended; only mandatory employees must report to or remain at work. All non-mandatory employees must not report, or must leave campus. These employees must use leave time if not working or can use make-up time subject to applicable rules. Alternatively, and only with supervisor approval, non-mandatory employees may work from home or an alternate site.

 

UNC Health Care

All UNC Health Care clinics will open at 10 a.m.

 

UNC School of Dentistry

All operations (clinics and classes) will remain closed until noon on Friday, Jan. 19. If your appointment is cancelled due to this closing, you should contact your provider and/or the clinic to reschedule. Patients in need of information about appointments at the UNC School of Dentistry should visit www.dentistry.unc.edu  for the most recent update about clinic closings.

 

Dining Hours

Chase Dining Hall will open at 10 a.m.

Top of Lenoir Dining will open at 11 a.m.

All other operations will be determined based on conditions. Visit dining.unc.edu for the latest updates.

 

Housing

All residence halls on campus remain open. If students need assistance, please contact your resident advisor or Community Office. The Package Centers will be closed until the University returns to normal operations. Students are encouraged to be extra vigilant if they leave the residence halls as walkways may be slippery and snow or ice may slide off nearby buildings.

 

Facilities

University grounds crews continue to treat and clear roads, sidewalks and parking lots. Crews will clear priority areas per theFacilities Services Snow Removal Map, which identifies priority entrances, sidewalks, roadways and parking lots and the order in which they will be addressed. Snow clearing priorities will be adjusted based on planned campus events, weather conditions or other circumstances.

 

Parking

Parking regulations are suspended while the University remains in Condition 2. The top levels of parking decks remain closed and gates are lifted. The Dogwood Deck is expressly reserved for UNC Health Care patients and visitors only and will be in full operation to meet patient/visitor parking needs.

 

Transportation


	P2P Express services will resume Friday, Jan. 19 at 7 p.m.  
	P2P On-Demand (provides ADA access from parking lots to buildings and from campus location to campus location) will resume service Friday, Jan. 19 at 10 a.m. 
	PASS Cart (provides ADA transport on main quad from parking lots to buildings) will not operate while the University remains in Condition 2. 
	Chapel Hill Transit Refer to the website for latest updates.  
	Regional transit Check transit websites for updates.  


 

Adverse Weather Policy and Background 

Unless a change in operational status is announced, the University always operates on a regular schedule. UNC-Chapel Hill may activate three adverse weather operating conditions:  Condition 1 - Reduced Operations (University is open); Condition 2 - Suspended Operations (classes are cancelled; University is open only for mandatory operations); and Condition 3 - Closure (classes are cancelled; offices and facilities are closed).

 

Faculty and staff are reminded of the University of North Carolina system adverse weather policy for all UNC campuses that took effect in 2016.

 

Key factors include projections about weather and travel conditions on area roads and campus sidewalks, as well as the operating plans of Chapel Hill Transit and other regional transit. Safety is the number one priority when making weather decisions about campus operations.

 

Information Sources

If winter weather changes the University's operating status, campus communications will include:


	An email, website post and, if conditions warrant, a text message from Alert Carolina, http://alertcarolina.unc.edu. You must be signed up to receive an Alert Carolina text message. 
	Posts on the University's homepage, www.unc.edu, amplified via official social media accounts including @UNC, @Alert_UNCCH (for parents, family, Chapel Hill residents and friends) and @UNC_HR on Twitter. 
	UNC Transportation and Parking for information including parking lot conditions and the status of Point-to-Point shuttle operations, which may cease at any point when travel becomes hazardous for drivers and passengers. Refer tohttp://move.unc.edu.  
	Adverse Weather and Emergency Phone Line: (919) 843-1234. You may call this number to hear recorded announcements about campus operations. 
	Area news media websites.  


Chapel Hill Transit also posts adverse weather news and routes and schedules. Refer to http://www.townofchapelhill.org/town-hall/news-events/emergency/adverse-weather-updates