Alert Carolina Update - Friday, September 2, 2016 -- 11 a.m.

Rain, winds related to Tropical Storm Hermine possible in Triangle

As of Friday morning (September 2), forecasters had downgraded Hermine to tropical storm status as it moves across North Carolina's coast and Outer Banks regions later today and into early Saturday morning.  This remains a powerful storm system however, and impacts felt in central North Carolina may include localized flooding, gusty winds, and isolated tornadoes.  Due to recent rains, the wet ground, when combined with even modest wind gusts, may result in downed trees and subsequent structural damage and power outages.
 
In the Triangle region of North Carolina including the UNC campus, forecasters are still predicting the possibility of anywhere from two to six inches of rain (with greater amounts along and east of the I-95 corridor) and wind gusts in excess of 30 miles per hour by Friday evening.  A flash flood watch is now in effect for much of central North Carolina through Saturday morning.  Please use common sense and avoid areas prone to flooding; watch for falling limbs or trees, and beware of fallen power lines.

The University continues to track reports from emergency management agencies about this storm and is taking precautions to keep the campus community safe.  Please take the potential for threatening weather seriously.  Monitor local media and pay attention to changing conditions that could affect your safety.

The University is currently operating on a normal schedule.  Although this storm is not expected to affect campus operations, conditions could change.  The University will issue announcements on http://www.unc.edu/, https://na01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.alertcarolina.unc.edu%2f&data=01%7c01%7cmlal123%40live.unc.edu%7c65507a6bc27040ac940808d3d34556f8%7c58b3d54f16c942d3af081fcabd095666%7c1&sdata=TpwbTqi9EHPElO1CeG%2f%2blUsT4skss6vEEAxKj%2fLzDsw%3d, and through other communications including social media and text messages, if the situation warrants.

About Informational Messages: the University sends an Alert Carolina Informational Message to inform the campus community about a situation that is not an emergency but is expected to be of significant interest to the campus.  An Informational Message is one of three tiers of communication under the University's emergency communications plan. Emergency Warning refers to a siren activation for a significant emergency; a Timely Warning is issued if there is a continuing danger AND notification will not compromise law enforcement efforts.
