Dear Staff, Faculty and Students:

Due to safety concerns, the University will remain in Condition 2 (Suspended Operations) until Tuesday (Jan. 10) at 5 p.m. because of current conditions on campus and area roads as well as predictions that temperatures will remain below freezing until about mid-day tomorrow. 
 
The campus will move to Condition 1 (Reduced Operations) on Tuesday at 5 p.m. That timing will coincide with the work schedules for second- and third-shift employees and allow facilities crews more time to keep clearing sidewalks and parking lots to improve access to campus facilities. 
 
On Wednesday (Jan. 11), the University will resume its regular schedule at 6 a.m.

Summary

Condition 2:  Suspended Operations. (In effect until 5 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 10)

All non-mandatory operations remain suspended; only mandatory employees must report to or remain at work. Non-faculty (staff) non-mandatory employees must not report, or must leave campus. These employees must use leave time if not working or can use make-up time subject to applicable rules. Alternatively, and only with supervisor approval, non-mandatory employees may work from home or an alternate site.

Condition 1:  Reduced Operations. (Begins at 5 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 10)

The University will be open and work schedules will resume on a regular schedule for second- and third-shift employees.

Mandatory employees must report to or remain at work unless otherwise notified. Non-faculty (staff) non-mandatory employees, after informing their supervisors in a timely manner, have the option to report to work late, leave early, or not report to work. These employees must use available personal leave time to cover any time away from regular work hours. Alternatively, and only with supervisor approval, non-mandatory employees may work from home or an alternate site.

Regular Operations:  (Begins at 6 a.m. Wednesday, Jan. 11)

Classes will be held; offices and facilities will be open on a regular schedule.

 

Factors for Today's Weather Decision 

Low temperatures are expected to prevent significant thawing until Tuesday morning and overnight refreezing remains a concern for campus sidewalks and parking lots, as well as on area roads. People who need to be on campus are still urged to use extreme caution.

University grounds crews continued to work extremely hard today to treat campus sidewalks and parking lots. Please visit www.facilities.unc.edu and the "Winter Weather Response" link for details on campus routes and locations that have been cleared first. 

Residential students with concerns about travel due to weather conditions may arrive at residence halls any time before Wednesday. Any residential students who cannot return before Wednesday are asked to email housing@unc.edu to inform them of your estimated arrival date. Students may also contact the Department of Housing and Residential Education at (919) 962-housing@unc.edufor more information.

Multiple University units - including Carolina Dining Services, Campus Health Services, performing arts and cultural venues, the Department of Athletics, and health-care facilities - plan to post updates about the status of their operations and events on their individual websites and social media accounts. Carolina Dining Services is operating Rams Head Dining Hall until 8:30 p.m. tonight, along with four other locations at varying times. See http://dining.unc.edu/news/delayed-opening-030615 for details.

The University makes weather decisions based on state government policies and a 2016 University of North Carolina system adverse weather policy that limits the decision-making ability of all UNC campuses on weather issues.

 

Adverse Weather Policy and General Background 

Unless a change in operational status is announced, the University always operates on a regular schedule. UNC-Chapel Hill may activate three adverse weather operating conditions:  Condition 1 - Reduced Operations (University is open); Condition 2 - Suspended Operations (University is open only for mandatory operations; classes cancelled); and Condition 3 - Closure (classes are cancelled; offices and facilities are closed).

Please visit "Adverse Weather's Impact on University Operations:  A Summary," posted on the Alert Carolina and Office of Human Resources websites to view a chart describing the three conditions in greater detail along with a summary explaining the key factors in the decision-making process.

Key factors include projections about weather and travel conditions on area roads and campus sidewalks, as well as the operating plans of Chapel Hill Transit and other regional transit. Safety is the number one priority when making weather decisions about campus operations.

Carolina is committed to announcing any decision about operational changes promptly to provide our community with as much lead time as possible to plan travel to and from campus.

Information Sources

If winter weather changes the University's operating status, campus communications will include:


	An email, website post and, if conditions warrant, a text message from Alert Carolina, alertcarolina.unc.edu. You must be signed up to receive an Alert Carolina text message. 
	Posts on the University's homepage, www.unc.edu, amplified via official social media accounts including @UNC, @Alert_UNCCH (for parents, family, Chapel Hill residents and friends) and @UNC_HR on Twitter.  
	Adverse Weather and Emergency Phone Line: (919) 843-1234. You may call this number to hear recorded announcements about campus operations. 
	UNC Transportation and Parking for information including parking lot conditions and the status of Point-to-Point shuttle operations, which may cease at any point when travel becomes hazardous for drivers and passengers. Refer to http://move.unc.edu. 
	Area news media websites. 
	Chapel Hill Transit also posts adverse weather news and routes and schedules. Refer to http://www.townofchapelhill.org/town-hall/news-events/emergency/adverse-weather-updates