Dear Mangza,

We are delighted that you have accepted IBM=E2=80=99s offer of =
Information
Technology Intern reporting to David Kang. We believe this position is
not only a great match for your talent and skills, but that by joining
the IBM team, you will meet the people and face challenges that will
test your best thinking, and do work that truly matters.

We anticipate the length of your assignment to be May 15, 2017 to
August 4, 2017.

On your first day of employment, please report at 9:00am to 4205 S.
Miami Blvd, Building 501/G211, Durham, NC, 27703. For additional
information regarding your first day, please contact David Kang at
dkang@us.ibm.com or at 919-454-7288.



You should access IBM's Pre-employment Connections site before your
start date. The site has been designed to provide you with the tools
and resources necessary to onboard and get connected fast. Among the
documents that you will need to review and understand are the IBM
Business Conduct Guidelines (BCGs) and the IBM Agreement Regarding
Confidential Information, Intellectual Property and Other Matters. You
need to be prepared on your start date to confirm that you will comply
with the BCGs. You also will be required to sign the Agreement
Regarding Confidential Information on your start date. You may access
the Pre-employment Connections site at:

http://www.ibm.com/employment/us/newhire/intern_home.html   =20



Also look for emails sent from Onboarding@us.ibm.com. That is auto
generated from IBM's Onboarding tool, which will ask you to create a
log in and password as a secure way to complete your new hire paperwork
online PRIOR to day 1. This includes an opportunity to upload a badge
photo so your IBM badge will be ready for you upon arrival.

For the full details of your offer and the contingencies associated
with your potential employment, including IBM's pre-employment process,
please refer back to the terms and conditions of your IBM offer letter.
A new copy can be provided to you upon request.=20

Once again, congratulations on your decision to join IBM. We look
forward to you being an active, engaged team member as we all work to
ensure IBM remains a great company. Welcome to your IBM.

Regards,

Tata Satish Vanapalli
