Dear Students, Faculty and Staff:

The University will remain at Condition 2 (Suspended Operations) of its adverse weather plan until 5 p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 4. Conditions will be re-evaluated this afternoon and an update regarding campus operations for the second and third shift for Thursday, Jan. 4 will be communicated to the campus by 2 p.m.

Classes are cancelled and all non-mandatory operations are suspended; only mandatory employees must report to or remain at work. Non-faculty (staff) non-mandatory employees must not report, or must leave campus. These employees must use leave time if not working or can use make-up time subject to applicable rules. Alternatively, and only with supervisor approval, non-mandatory employees may work from home or an alternate site.

UNC Health Care

All UNC Health Care clinics will be running normal schedules today.  A decision on tomorrow's status will be made at 3:30 this afternoon.

UNC School of Dentistry

At this time, the school's clinics are closed. If your appointment is cancelled due to this closing, you should contact your provider and/or the clinic to reschedule. Patients in need of information about appointments at the UNC School of Dentistry should visit www.dentistry.unc.edu for the most recent update about clinic closings. UNC School of Dentistry employees and students should refer to their email for the latest updates.

Facilities

University grounds crews are working to treat campus sidewalks and parking lots as quickly as possible. Crews will clear priority areas per the Facilities Services Snow Removal Map, which identifies priority entrances, sidewalks, roadways and parking lots and the order in which they will be addressed. Snow clearing priorities will be adjusted based on planned campus events, weather conditions or other circumstances.

Parking

Parking regulations are not in effect. The Dogwood Deck is expressly reserved for UNC Health Care patients and visitors only and will be in full operation to meet patient/visitor parking needs.

The S11 lots along Skipper Bowles Drive will be available to commuters impacted by disrupted transit operations and for overflow if other lots fill.

Parking levels are reduced due to lot conditions and the top level of parking decks remain closed.

Transportation


	P2P On-Demand (provides ADA access from parking lots to buildings and from campus location to campus location) will not operate until road conditions improve. Determination about evening services based on road conditions will be made this afternoon.  
	PASS Cart (provides ADA transport on main quad from parking lots to buildings) will not operate today.  
	Chapel Hill Transit Multiple routes are altered or not running due to road conditions. Refer to the website for latest updates.  
	Regional transit route impacts posted. Check transit websites for updates.  


Adverse Weather Policy and Background 

Unless a change in operational status is announced, the University always operates on a regular schedule. UNC-Chapel Hill may activate three adverse weather operating conditions:  Condition 1 - Reduced Operations (University is open); Condition 2 - Suspended Operations (classes are cancelled; University is open only for mandatory operations); and Condition 3 - Closure (classes are cancelled; offices and facilities are closed).

Staff employees are reminded of the University of North Carolina system adverse weather policy for all UNC campuses that took effect in 2016.

Key factors include projections about weather and travel conditions on area roads and campus sidewalks, as well as the operating plans of Chapel Hill Transit and other regional transit. Safety is the number one priority when making weather decisions about campus operations.

Information Sources

If winter weather changes the University's operating status, campus communications will include:


	An email, website post and, if conditions warrant, a text message from Alert Carolina, http://www.alertcarolina.unc.edu. You must be signed up to receive an Alert Carolina text message. 
	Posts on the University's homepage, www.unc.edu, amplified via official social media accounts including @UNC, @Alert_UNCCH (for parents, family, Chapel Hill residents and friends) and @UNC_HR on Twitter. 
	UNC Transportation and Parking for information including parking lot conditions and the status of Point-to-Point shuttle operations, which may cease at any point when travel becomes hazardous for drivers and passengers. Refer to http://move.unc.edu. 
	Area news media websites. 


Chapel Hill Transit also posts adverse weather news and routes and schedules. Refer to http://www.townofchapelhill.org/town-hall/news-events/emergency/adverse-weather-updates