

Dear UNC Student:

 

UNC is in the process of assessing opportunities to enhance the on-campus housing experience. One of the key components of this undertaking is to learn about your experience with UNC housing and/or decision to live off campus.  The information resulting from the survey intends to allow the University to improve the on-campus housing experience for your peers and future UNC students.  Your participation in this survey is vital to our success.

 

Please note that this survey is supporting a planning study being sponsored by UNC Housing and Residential Education and is independent of the Residential Assessment (EBI) survey recently distributed to UNC housing residents. The results from this study are intended to inform decision-making by UNC leadership about future investment in both physical assets and the residential experience.

 

We would appreciate it if you could take approximately 10-15 minutes to participate. As a token of our gratitude for your time, you will be entered into a random drawing, upon completion of the survey, to win one of the following prizes:

 

1. One Apple iPad Air 2, 128 GB

2. One of two Apple iPad mini 4s, 32 GB

3. One of ten $50 Target Gift Cards

 

For your convenience, the survey instrument is provided in web-based format, and is accessible via the link below:

 

To access the survey please copy and paste the following link into your internet browser's address bar: 

http://studentvoice.com/p/?uuid=8c278f761cd54734af38e49c50bee608

 

All information that you provide is strictly confidential.  No individual responses will be identified. The survey will close at 11:59 PM on December 6th.  Winners will be notified by the Department of Housing and Residential Education once the survey is closed and entries are processed. 

 

UNC has retained the services of a nationally-recognized, independent consulting firm, Brailsford  Dunlavey, to administer the survey.  Should you have any questions about this process, please contact survey@programmanagers.com.

 

I greatly appreciate your taking the time to participate in this important endeavor for the UNC campus community.

 

 

Sincerely, 

Allan Blattner
Director of Housing  Residential Education 