


	



	
		
			
			
				
					
						
						
							
								
									
								
							
						
						
					
					
						
						
						We want to hear from you

						Dear Mangza,

						At Pearson we are on a mission to improve the experiences you have with us.

						Therefore we would like to invite you to participate in our customer survey about your educational experience.  Your feedback will help us improve on what we've already built and continue to make Pearson a company we can all be proud of.

						If you are 18 years or older, please click the link below to complete our survey.*

						Please click here to take the survey

						All those who fully complete a survey will be entered into a prize draw for a chance to win one (1) of 10 $100 Amazon Gift Cards given away each quarter!

						The survey is conducted by our external service provider MaritzCX Holdings LLC and will take approximately 3-5 minutes. All of your responses will be kept strictly confidential so please give us your honest opinion.

						Thank you very much for your help!

						The Customer Experience Team

						
						
							This E-Mail was sent on behalf of Pearson Education Ltd by MaritzCX Holdings LLC a Customer Experience and Market Research company. The above-mentioned survey is carried out by MaritzCX Holdings LLC within the scope of a data processing contract according to the applicable legal data protection regulations.
							Please click HERE if you wish to unsubscribe from future Pearson Education Ltd surveys conducted by MaritzCX Holdings LLC.
							Information for the recipient: The information contained in this e-mail is intended only for the natural or legal person to whom it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby informed that any publication, duplication, distribution or taking any action whatsoever in reference to the content of this information is strictly prohibited and may be illegal. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by returning this e-mail and delete this message. Pearson Education Ltd, branches and/or employees or contractors are not liable for any incorrect or incomplete transmission of the contents of this email and its attachments or their timely receipt. 
							Please click here to read our privacy policy. 
						
						
						
					
				
			
			
		
	





