Hi there!

Thank you for attending "Demystifying Google" on September 20th at UNC! We
hope you enjoyed this session and learned a little more about our company
culture and processes.

I have included a couple of notes about the Google opportunities we
discussed during the presentation below.

Interested in Internships? Full time positions? Apply now, at
google.com/students:

*Google full-time roles:*

   - Software Engineer, University Graduate (BS, MS)
   
is
   open now and will remain open throughout the school year. Students are
   encouraged to apply as soon as they're ready to interview, but the sooner
   the better!
   - Software Engineer, University Graduate (PhD)
   
is
   open now, and we have the same recommendations about applying early for MS
   and PhD students.
   - Associate Product Manager (APM)
   
    opens October 3 (same day as our info session) and will likely only
   stay open until mid-October.
   - Quantitative Analyst/Statistician, Engineering, University Graduate
   
is
   open now and should remain open at least through the winter quarter. I will
   update you if that changes.

*Google internship roles:*

   - Software Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2017
   
    opens September 19 and will close around Thanksgiving.
   - Engineering Practicum Intern, Summer 2017
   
(for
   2019 and 2020 Bachelor's graduates) opensOctober 3 and will close around
   Thanksgiving.
   - Software Engineering Intern, PhD, Summer 2017
   
    opens September 19 and will close in late January.
   - Associate Product Manager Intern, Summer 2017
   
    opens October 3 and will likely close by the end of October.

Undergraduate students are encouraged to apply for internships as soon as
they open, and we strongly suggest PhD students apply for internships
before the fall quarter ends, as we have a set number of projects available
for summer 2017.

I will follow up with an updated version of this list closer to the winter
quarter when our Hardware and UX roles begin accepting applications, but
you are *always* welcome to reach out to Candice and I at
uncstudents@google.com if you have any questions or concerns!

Thanks so much!
Britt
