Dear Students, Faculty and Staff:

Welcome to the Spring 2018 semester! As we prepare for this term, we want to remind the campus community about how the University makes operating decisions during inclement weather. 

When snow, ice or other winter weather has the potential to affect class and work schedules, the University will make decisions about the campus operating status as far in advance as possible. With your safety in mind, we rely on information from multiple sources when deciding how the campus will operate during winter weather events. 

Students, faculty and staff are encouraged to use personal judgement, in the interest of their own safety, when making decisions regarding travel during adverse weather.

Unless otherwise announced, the University always operates on a regular schedule. Based on a 2016 University of North Carolina system adverse weather policy for all UNC campuses, UNC-Chapel Hill may activate three adverse weather operating conditions:  Condition 1 - Reduced Operations. (University is open, classes are operating on a regular schedule); Condition 2 - Suspended Operations. (University is open only for mandatory operations, classes are cancelled); and Condition 3 - Closure (classes are cancelled; offices and facilities are closed). A detailed description of the three conditions can be found here.  During an actual or anticipated winter weather event, the University will communicate to campus as often as conditions warrant. Whenever possible, we will inform you when to anticipate updates regarding potential changes to campus operations.

Information Sources

If winter weather changes the University's operating status, campus communications will include:


	An email, website post and, if conditions warrant, a text message from Alert Carolina, http://alertcarolina.unc.edu. You must be signed up to receive an Alert Carolina text message, which you can do through ConnectCarolina using your ONYEN. 
	Posts on the University's homepage, www.unc.edu, amplified via official social media accounts including @UNC, @Alert_UNCCH, @MoveUNC and @UNC_HR on Twitter. 
	Adverse Weather and Emergency Phone Line: (919) 843-1234. You may call this number to hear recorded announcements about campus operations. 
	Area news media websites. 
	Chapel Hill Transit also posts adverse weather news and routes and schedules. Refer to http://www.townofchapelhill.org/town-hall/departments-services/transit/inclement-weather  
	Many University units - including Carolina Dining Services, Campus Health Services, performing arts and cultural venues, the Department of Athletics and School of Dentistry patient clinics - plan to post updates about the status of their operations and events on their individual websites and social media accounts. 


Things to Remember

After precipitation has fallen, crews will clear priority areas per the Facilities Services Snow Removal Map, which identifies priority entrances, sidewalks, roadways and parking lots and the order in which they will be addressed.

The weather may also affect campus roads, parking areas and/or transit schedules. Any changes to normal operations will be posted on the Transportation and Parking webpage.