


	



	
		
			
			
				
					
						
						
							
								
									
								
							
						
						
					
					
						
						
						We want to hear from you

						Dear Mangza,

						We recently sent you an invitation to tell us about your experience with Pearson.  We are hoping you will still consider giving us your feedback.

						We know you are busy so we designed it to take just 3-5 minutes.  If you are still willing we would love to hear your feedback!

						If you are 18 years or older, please click the link below to complete our survey.*

						Please click here to take the survey

						Remember, all those who fully complete a survey will be entered into a prize draw for a chance to win one (1) of 10 $100 Amazon Gift Cards given away each quarter!

						The survey is conducted by our external service provider MaritzCX.  All of your responses will be kept strictly confidential so please give us your honest opinion.  

						Thanks for choosing Pearson and helping us offer even better service.

						The Customer Experience Team

						
						
							This E-Mail was sent on behalf of Pearson Education Ltd by MaritzCX Holdings LLC a Customer Experience and Market Research company. The above-mentioned survey is carried out by MaritzCX Holdings LLC within the scope of a data processing contract according to the applicable legal data protection regulations.
							Please click HERE if you wish to unsubscribe from future Pearson Education Ltd surveys conducted by MaritzCX Holdings LLC.
							Information for the recipient: The information contained in this e-mail is intended only for the natural or legal person to whom it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby informed that any publication, duplication, distribution or taking any action whatsoever in reference to the content of this information is strictly prohibited and may be illegal. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by returning this e-mail and delete this message. Pearson Education Ltd, branches and/or employees or contractors are not liable for any incorrect or incomplete transmission of the contents of this email and its attachments or their timely receipt. 
							Please click here to read our privacy policy. 
						
						
						
					
				
			
			
		
	





