Dear Students, Faculty and Staff:

The University will move to Condition 1 (Reduced Operations) of its adverse weather plan at 5 p.m. and remain at Condition 1 until 10 a.m. on Friday, Jan. 5. An update regarding campus operations for the remainder of Friday will be communicated to the campus by 8 p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 4.

Condition 1 (beginning at 5 p.m.)

Current conditions may not pose severe safety risks or logistical challenges, but an event has significant potential to negatively affect - or already is affecting - local area commuting, important campus services, or the efficient functioning of campus buildings and grounds. Employees, faculty, and students should consider their own personal circumstances to determine whether to report late, leave early, or not report at all.


	Second-shift employees (should they choose to report under Condition 1) who typically report at 4 p.m. do not need to report to work until 5 p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 4. 
	Non-mandatory employees,after informing their supervisors in a timely manner, have the option to report to work late, leave early, or not report to work. These employees must use available personal leave time (compensatory, vacation or bonus) to cover any time away from regular work hours. 
	Alternatively, and only with supervisor approval, these employees may be permitted to work from home or alternate sites when, in the supervisor's discretion, it is feasible and safe for this to occur. Employees working away from campus do not use leave. Even so, such arrangements may not be practicable for all types of employees or during every type of adverse weather or emergency event. 
	Mandatory employees (whose presence has been designated mandatory to University operations during adverse weather or emergency events) are expected to report to work or remain on the job, and if deemed necessary by their supervisor, to work a differing schedule or shift than normally assigned. 


UNC Health Care

All UNC Health Care clinics will be running normal schedules today.  A decision on tomorrow's status will be made at 3:30 this afternoon.

UNC School of Dentistry

At this time, the school's clinics are closed. If your appointment is cancelled due to this closing, you should contact your provider and/or the clinic to reschedule. Patients in need of information about appointments at the UNC School of Dentistry should visit www.dentistry.unc.edu for the most recent update about clinic closings. UNC School of Dentistry employees and students should refer to their email for the latest updates.

Institute for Marine Sciences (Morehead City)

IMS will remain at Condition 2 for the remainder of the day. A decision regarding operations for Friday, Jan. 5 will be made this evening and employees will be notified via email.

Facilities

University grounds crews will continue to clear sidewalks and parking lots and will apply treatment to these areas to help with re-freezing overnight. Crews will clear priority areas per the Facilities Services Snow Removal Map, which identifies priority entrances, sidewalks, roadways and parking lots and the order in which they will be addressed. Snow clearing priorities will be adjusted based on planned campus events, weather conditions or other circumstances.

Parking

Parking regulations are not in effect. The Dogwood Deck is expressly reserved for UNC Health Care patients and visitors only and will be in full operation to meet patient/visitor parking needs.

The S11 lots along Skipper Bowles Drive will be available to commuters impacted by disrupted transit operations and for overflow if other lots fill.

Parking levels are reduced due to lot conditions and the top level of parking decks remain closed.

Transportation


	P2P On-Demand (provides ADA access from parking lots to buildings and from campus location to campus location) will not operate the evening of Thursday, Jan. 4.  
	PASS Cart (provides ADA transport on main quad from parking lots to buildings) will not operate today.  
	Chapel Hill Transit Multiple routes are altered or not running due to road conditions. Refer to the website for latest updates.  
	Regional transit route impacts posted. Check transit websites for updates.  


Adverse Weather Policy and Background 

Unless a change in operational status is announced, the University always operates on a regular schedule. UNC-Chapel Hill may activate three adverse weather operating conditions:  Condition 1 - Reduced Operations (University is open); Condition 2 - Suspended Operations (classes are cancelled; University is open only for mandatory operations); and Condition 3 - Closure (classes are cancelled; offices and facilities are closed).

Staff employees are reminded of the University of North Carolina system adverse weather policy for all UNC campuses that took effect in 2016.

Key factors include projections about weather and travel conditions on area roads and campus sidewalks, as well as the operating plans of Chapel Hill Transit and other regional transit. Safety is the number one priority when making weather decisions about campus operations.

Information Sources

If winter weather changes the University's operating status, campus communications will include:


	An email, website post and, if conditions warrant, a text message from Alert Carolina, http://www.alertcarolina.unc.edu. You must be signed up to receive an Alert Carolina text message. 
	Posts on the University's homepage, www.unc.edu, amplified via official social media accounts including @UNC, @Alert_UNCCH (for parents, family, Chapel Hill residents and friends) and @UNC_HR on Twitter. 
	UNC Transportation and Parking for information including parking lot conditions and the status of Point-to-Point shuttle operations, which may cease at any point when travel becomes hazardous for drivers and passengers. Refer to http://move.unc.edu. 
	Area news media websites. 


Chapel Hill Transit also posts adverse weather news and routes and schedules. Refer to http://www.townofchapelhill.org/town-hall/news-events/emergency/adverse-weather-updates